news now about the war between Israel
and Hamas the Hamas run Health Ministry
I'm sorry in Gaza is now saying that
overnight strikes on Thursday in central
Gaza killed at least 23 people there
while efforts are also now underway to
secure a ceasefire in Paris a word about
the casualties now casualties were taken
to the AA Hospital in De Al Bala the
ministry says more than 29,000
Palestinians have been killed in
Israel's war after the October 7 terror
attack Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has meanwhile presented a plan
for a post-war Gaza to his security
cabinet late Thursday marking the first
formal presentation of a plan
forward join me now for more is
journalist Karim algari from Cairo Karim
good morning talks about a deal were
being held in Cairo and now we're
hearing the talks might be held in Paris
where are we exactly with
talks well obviously something is
cooking um the head of the Poli Bureau
of Hamas isma Han was for several days
in Cairo talking with Egyptian
intelligence and now there seems to be
enough common ground that we have now an
announced meeting in Paris this weekend
uh with the head of mosad David Bara and
the head of CIA William Burns the C
prime minister and the head of the
Egyptian intelligence abas camel so the
question is we don't know exactly how
the Gap we have seen in the last two
weeks the negotiations stopped two weeks
ago how this gaps were filled by now
because at that time um Hamas basically
offered to release prisoners to release
sorry hostages in exchange for
Palestinian prisoners and most important
in exchange for complete stop uh uh of
the war so we don't know how this Gap
was really closed we don't know anything
about the substance but of course there
is an urgency Israel is an announced an
offensive against the the city of Rafa
and we have the upcoming months of
Ramadan and when we have the situation
of Despair in in the Gaza Strip of
famine then uh the Islamic world might
be even get more Furious than it is
already meanwhile there also appears to
be a post-war plan for Gaza with the
Israel war cabinet what more do you know
about
this well it's it's it's sketchy here
Nan talks about the demilitarized Gaza
Strip he talks about that the the the
Israeli military the IDF is should be
able to move in Gaza all the time free
at will he's talking about that the IDF
has some kind of control towards the
Egyptian border and he's talking about
local elements with administrative
experience should that should took over
and then after all this there should be
some kind of reconstruction going on
there's so many question marks and
doubts about the whole thing um one of
them is that of course if the IDF still
moves in the Gaza Strip there will be
some kind of Palestinian resistance the
Egyptians will not accept some kind of
Israeli control towards their border
that would be also against the Camp
David peace agreement but most important
there is nobody until now ready to foot
the bill for reconstruction netan I is
hoping that the Gulf States like Saudia
and and the Emirates will do this but
they don't say they say they're not
ready to do that thanks so much for that
update Karim Al gavari speaking to us
from Egypt's capital Cairo thanks so
much you're
welcome